now with less action anti brain d player
taking out their brain but most battles
for this part i'm going to be pausing
because i'm kind of mad of how little
progress I'm making just because of the
battles are taking forever I just want
to get through this place so using my
sorcery everything shall die the death
magic
you
did your vyver s
okay this one doesn't take too long so I
don't pause it I still think his name is
pretty unoriginal and not very thought
out
normal blade
even his attack seemed pretty generic I
mean come on how bad can you get
I had to see something really fast see
if someone was ready to do you all
courage digi-egg yay for courage one
chicken two chicken three chicken
I accident accidentally ran from that
battle and then I ran into another
battle to get a mask face that did you
evolve he no longer has a mask but you
know once a master face o is a mask face
now he's some kind of robot with a giant
colored pen
seriously there's so many Digimon I've
never actually heard of outside of the
Digimon games call me crazy but I think
they're trying to make stuff up
sometimes
only reason I'm showing this battle
because I want to show a mass face
special move paint rock it which an
attacks a fixed area and makes their
defense down which with data crusher
that should actually be pretty helpful
because defense down defense down and
then darkness resist down so damaged
keeps on getting multiplied by the only
one that wouldn't benefit from the
darkness down darkness resist down would
be mask face but he keeps on using a
defense down in a fixed area the fixed
area thing might get a little bad after
a while but
man
especially since some of the Digimon
have the weirdest stands patterns
because depending on where you stand
your Digimon gives support ability is
like some Digimon give plus 10 to speed
to hover next right next to them so it
makes absolutely no sense to spread out
your Digimon but apparently that the
NPC's the bomb the enemy did you want
don't either know that or really just
don't care are two on well thought out
magic
I pause that battle just because she's a
just a really annoying ultimate with
lots of stuns and group paralysis she is
it so much like it's going out of style
I don't remember what paralysis or
stones were in style but unless you're
using them of course stupid can everyone
see the plot over there meaning I went
the wrong way
another annoying ultimate
you really destroyed the Digimon that is
named Luna ma I forget the real did you
mom's name so I'm just going to be
calling it the digimon named Luna mom
yes it's a tax named is royal nuts
I would really appreciate it if people
didn't take that the wrong way
but
knowing people probably they'll take it
the wrong way
honestly before
this last part the video was actually
only like six minutes and 16 seconds but
I added the meat getting to the boss cos
when I was stopped her corner I didn't
realize how short it was so I scattered
around a bit ah well I wasn't recording
and i found the pathway to the pond so I
just said man I might as well put this
as an add-on to the other video because
it's pretty short by itself
all next time I'll help these losers out
of a damn